This is the code I made for an assignment during the Fall of my second year in Data Structures. The assignment was to make some basic linked list operations and demonstrate them in main. I didn't include any user input simply to save time when coding and when running the code to test the more important stuff like if the funcitons work properly. Then, the second half was to create a function (called function1) that merged 2 sorted linked lists. This by far was the most challenging part as when I was looking for help online, others' code had the ListNode structure/class defined outside of the LinkedList and we were tought to define the structure within the class. There's definitely a better way of merging 2 lists than what I ended up doing in the code, but I wasn't able to think of many different solutions and I ended up doing what made sense to me and worked when running the code. For the other function in main (function2), this function was meant to compare 2 lists and return true or false. I simply checked the list length of both lists, then used a similar part of function1 to go through each element in both lists and compare them. Function2 was very easy to code compared to function 1, and the first part of defining simple linked list operations was also pretty easy. If this wasn't for an assignment, I would have got rid of redundant functions like insertEnd (inserts a node at the end of the list) when this does the same thing as appendNode. Also for some of the functions I was required to include, I didn't like that they had to return a data type when they could easily have been void functions. I also didn't fully test every possible outcome of each function, especially those functions and what they do when working with empty lists. Looking back I also would have changed using -100 as a flag and trying to do something better than returning that. This was one of the reasons I didn't like functions having to return something because then I couldn't just return nothing. Overall, I enjoy working with linked lists and like using them, more so than array lists. I wanted to add this here as I felt it was a large enough piece of code worth posting for my future reference and something helpful I can look back to.
